what's with the jeans that I have to
give full disclosure I didn't write that
song
dad that was written by my good buddy
Billy Hayes
he's a wonderful talented songwriter and
I just wanted to congratulate him I
think that songs like up to number four
or five on the charts this week easily
didn't Billy Hayes also invents OxiClean
know you think that Billy Mays the
Billy's confused
remember that louis c.k one more was I
think we watched I mean he was on a
panel with Chris Rock
oh yeah the HBO thing yeah and Louis
CK's like the best thing I ever heard an
open mic was this guy in a guitar and he
was bombing terribly alright and then he
starts to sing Nanako yeah and they all
had a huge debate but the best was that
it that it's still the funniest thing to
him in there like what do you mean
that's the funniest thing he's like it
still makes me laugh yeah and it's not
like some brilliant deconstruction of
something it's just you know let's find
this making a sound
yeah so what it's summertime that's why
time in LA properly mommy down no we
have not we're doing today instead of a
mom cast a couch cast from the mommy's
house from the mommy palace hello mommy
hello mommy good mommy to you the
village they mommy if you will we surely
our home we couldn't make it to the
studio so that means no video just audio
but we couldn't make it because mr.
Segura the main mommy is going to
Montreal Canada tomorrow for the Just
for Laughs the prestigious Just for
Laughs comedy festival I'm very excited
about it this is always fun max
your first time right second time yeah I
did it in 2007 I did the new faces now
I'm an old face so I'm going back for
the old faces they call it the old face
fuck face old faces Montreal for those
of you not in the stand-up world it's a
very prestigious very coveted festival
festival if you will and comedians go
and back in the day back in the 80s I
think even in the 90s if you went to
Montreal and you did well sometimes you
would come home with like a development
deal and I think there's still some of
that but I think it's very it's very
rare it used to be you could just like
you could just go to Montreal do a
seven-minute set and they'd be like
here's 200 grand like we want to work
with you and that's what that's why
that's why it was such a thing to get on
a new faces lineup especially yeah
because they're like you have a chance
to lock it up like you might you might
get a deal I can tie my cash from seven
minutes yeah and if basically I mean I'm
pretty sure what happened this wasn't a
new faces deal but I think about ten
twelve years ago maybe a little more
than that
that's how Kevin James got on really
yeah yeah he was got on put on yeah like
his brother Gary Valentine's a comic
really nice guy really funny guy and he
was doing Montreal and he was like I
want my brother to open up for me cuz he
was doing like a bigger like a gala or
something and they're like now and he
was like no I want my brother over for
me
and then executives saw his brother
named Kevin James and they're like we
want to work with that guy
and so they he got a deal I believe he
got a deal out of Montreal like and it
eventually became like there was some
crazy turn of events where it wasn't the
show or the show was king
Queens that they you know pitch to them
but that was turned down by one of the
networks we don't want that show it was
called fat guy little wife and then they
were like that's not creative enough
King of Queens UPS fat guy little wife
nobody you believe this a network as fat
as worst but now it's but we're kind of
the the big guy little little mommy are
you taking it there I was trying to tell
a story about Kevin James I'm sorry
Kevin James is fascinating but we're
more fascinating or than but I'm telling
the story I'm giving I'm sorry continue
sweetness I'm trying to say so hairy and
adorable why why are you doing this
because you're cute
why are you railroading this
conversation so fucking cute you're
sitting here he's sitting here in his
tank top and his wife Peter with his
hairy chest and his man panties it's
really cute or on a couch what are you
doing here working for the paper oh god
damn it I'll get it
well that's what I just I'm sorry go
ahead
no I was just making the point that at
some point he that show was passed on ah
by a network and another network scooped
it up like I think the production
company like it's like I'm not saying
this specifically so if you know the
right answer then you just know it you
could tell people but it was something
like it was like Warner Brothers
produced and then like NBC it was like
had it and they're like we don't want
that shit so then CBS was like we'll
take it and then it became like a
ten-year hit so I love by the way I love
those stories like someone so passed on
it yeah Sean Connery that he turned down
Lord of the Rings yeah he doesn't
understand the script but it wasn't just
he turned down it that Peter Jackson
wanted him so badly to do Lord of the
Rings that he said I'll give you
essentially 15% of box-office receipts
just to be a part of this film and he
was like this is nonsense like I don't
understand this story
roosters wizards dog so he passed and if
he had taken the deal he would have
earned something like four hundred
million dollars from the movie from the
thurman three movies I'm really glad
that he did finding Forrester though
because he may not have done fighting
for it but he was able to say you're the
man now dog that was the best line ever
in this fight
that was him relating to a young black
kid like the street kid was like yo and
so the way that he connected with him
was like you're of a man now dog I love
white and you can somebody made a
website that just it just loops that it
just loops you're the man now dog I
can't wait to make a shitty well I made
some shitty television shows but I
haven't made a shitty movie yet I can't
wait to run my career oh yeah to do
something terrible
well Montreal so yeah so I'm just going
I'm doing like a few shows I'm gonna do
a storytelling show with Ari I'm doing
yeah I mean that's just like an add on
added bonus for me like he just he's
doing it there and he invited me to do
one so I'll do that and then there is a
what's it called I'm doing like best of
the fast was like showcase show so he
like bunch of comics and then I'm doing
oh the HBO Canada show so my one of my
sets will be broadcast on HBO in Canada
Canada only though so that'll be cool
hopefully it goes well
he'll be there he'll be there so oh so
anyways basically though I feel like
that festival shifted it's still like
you know one of the biggest if not the
most prestigious but it's it's
essentially a chance for everybody to
get together and party a lot go to shows
see shows but it's almost like it's for
the big dogs like it's like you know
like it's where Louie can like show a
new hour
like before he you know tours with it or
something and there's a lot of big-name
shows there the new faces think it's
always cool and exciting to be a part of
but I don't know if it really a thing is
with the way that this industry works
now like you're not new when you get
there like they all know you you know I
think I feel like before it used to be
like who is this guy but I don't know
who the list is for this year but I
guarantee you at least of the LA new
faces we know em all and I'm sure
everybody in the industry knows them all
in New York the Lucy festival for
Lucille Ball's hundredth birthday and
I'm being described as an up-and-comer
and it's like well KY technically I
guess for the industry I am but I've
been around for 10 years like I've been
doing stand-up for 10 years and I feel
like with the new faces - you're like
wait a minute that guy's been doing Stan
over like at least seven or eight years
yeah before you're considered a new face
so it is one of those little industry
corks I guess but it should be fun well
without question it's fun I'm not saying
it's not fun of all is fun the staff
that runs it is is great it's like the
the best you know like organization
running a festival and you have a great
time I mean I had what a great time
before I'm sure I'll have a great time
this week but it goes back to like how
what it used to mean to go in in like
the 90s and stuff and I say used to
because you literally would go and do a
set like you're doing a set here in town
the club and leave with a six-figure
deal and one of the one of the reasons I
mean I guess there's a lot of reasons
those things didn't pan out but one of
the last big big ones that went out went
out to a comic named Michael roof who
was also known as chicken and I guess
this was one of his like that was a like
a nickname slash character name I did he
like he might have had a chicken
character that like came out on stage I
never knew him I know some people that
knew him
and he he got he did it seven minutes or
eight minutes at Montreal and he got a
$500,000 development deal that's crazy
but what was the act was it like I'm a
chicken wings phenomenal it was it was
very high energy very big very physical
act I forget
what aspect of it was chicken but it was
it was half a million which is a
tremendous amount of money for an
unprovable is especially for like unlike
unproven talent like you don't really
know what this person is capable of yes
but basically what he was capable of was
doing that set and killing in the room
which kind of just shows you like that
doesn't necessarily equate you know
bigger things sometimes killing for
seven minutes is just killing for seven
minutes yeah and a lot of times it's
hard to find a proper vehicle for
somebody's act I know like Dave Attell
who's one of my our favorite comedians
for short time for sure I mean that guy
I don't think could find a TV home for
quite a while before insomniac came
around yeah I mean here's one of the
funniest guys funniest comedians
hands-down it's like well what do you do
with the Dave Attell he's not really
like a sitcom II dad was not the UPS guy
you know he's he's just gruff kind of
Busey fuckin derelict they eventually
found the thing yeah but unfortunately
like they didn't get that thing I mean
from what I understood I talked to him
one time about why they didn't keep the
show going because the show was
immensely popular and that was kind of
the answer the show was so immensely
popular that they couldn't go anywhere
anymore like they would get swarmed by
people that wanted to be on and yeah
they just like they only entered that
show for like three or four seasons but
that show did give him a ton of exposure
but back to the development thing it's
like they would get people to do like I
said these these sets you do you get
your development deal and then it's like
let's try to get something going with
you and then a lot of times it just
wouldn't go anywhere and so they're
wasting money basically is what they
felt wasting money
because the executives what they love to
do is we love tricking so here's what
happened to poor chicken we loved
tricking it Sani funtastic is the most
phenomenal seven minutes and everybody
talks about chicken have you seen
chicken Oh Oh fantastic let's throw
money and then they they try to develop
something for chicken but the people
that develop stuff generally sometimes
aren't the best creative minds in the
world so then this wonderful comedian I
don't know if he was wonderful but let's
say he was gets caught up with people
and they create some piece of shit dog
shit yeah I don't even know thing I mean
they gave him up they must have tried
multiple things worse he did he didn't
have multi moderate success as far as he
was able to get in some things like he
was in Black Hawk Down like he was a you
know alright right I'm saying he got he
got a role in that he got a role in xxx
State of the Union like when Ice Cube
took over for Vin Diesel that's one of
your favorites and diesel no no Vin
Diesel's not in it oh that's right I'm
sorry I get them confused Vin Diesel a
nice cute oh they're such good actors
but anyway so the point is story and
with chicken is then he got all this
money he got this huge development deal
and it kind of didn't pan out the way
for him that he wanted to well he worked
some but I think obviously he thought he
was on a different trajectory as far as
career we all do but he he you know was
expecting especially with with that kind
of validation a much bigger career and
so he had a few of acting parts you know
these things were talking about he's
been a couple other things and then he
didn't really get much more work after
some of those things and then I guess it
was last year no it was two years ago oh
nine I think yeah
and then oh nine he he killed himself
oh now this is just this isn't the guy
no there was a guy that jumped off the
Hilton next to the comedy sword this is
not the same guy no no
so Cho chikun killed himself and Doug
Stanhope blogged about this I think in
retort to Kyle sees he did yeah
well Kyle sees as a comedian or if you
know I mean Indiana he started like this
comedy school and a lot of comedians
really hate comedy school they think
it's a big ripoff and Doug Stanhope
wrote it's really really funny blog
entry on his website against kind of
Kyle sees and and scathing it was really
funny and and he also wrote about
chicken and how you know you you really
can't rely on the industry to kind of
validate and make her career it's not
about that and this poor guy I think
chicken was bipolar too he was yeah he
had some underlying issues and god bless
him and I get it this business can make
you want to fuck yourself a few - he
hung himself outside in front of a
school like an elementary school Oh
mm-hmm so these kids walked out of
school and then fucking check he went
out with a bang you traumatized a
generation of children for sure but Amy
Winehouse is dead too man yeah that's a
fucking huge bummer I really like that
broad it's really not surprising I gotta
say I'm not saying that to be cold or
callous but like there's some people
like I mean like if someone said guess
what Andy Dick he OD last night you
wouldn't be floored by it sorry Andy but
it still sucks no it sucks what I'm
saying like when she you know there's
more soup Rattler surprised that yeah
she was dead they don't have the the
autopsy reports back but I don't think
we're gonna be surprised my money's on
the hair on it's a mixture of everything
what do you what's your money on what do
you think it's a mixture of pills
alcohol and drugs altogether as well
yeah it's just probably like heroin like
three or four prescription pills and
alcohol that is so crazy that yeah it's
like cuz tonight this Mommy and I we
love to watch Celebrity Rehab and like I
feel like every time we watch that show
Tommy aren't we like amazed that people
even try heroin yeah heroin
real fucking that's a ballsy move
it's fuckin nuts it's really a ballsy
move because of the hardware necessary
to try it like when you smoke weed or
something someone's just like look
here's here's the thing the drugs
there's a weed yeah now you need you
need a pipe and fire that's it like you
normally have fire
so if you're an amp all you got to do is
get a hold of a pipe or some rolling
papers right because everybody's can
find matches or a lighter so you don't
really like when you get into heroin
you're talking about
alright man here's Aaron what you're
gonna need to do like you probably have
a spoon so you just take that and you
have your fire
and you're gonna boil it then you get a
neat like a needle then you have like
either a belt strap or something to wrap
around your there's a lot going they
always use that rubber to the tube baby
boy do you fucking exactly you you have
to be really committed
yeah and curious and I'm like really
you have to go to a medical supply store
and find a rubber tube and then some
needles where the fuck I don't even know
where to dance it's like you there's so
many drugs before heroin that are so
effective
yeah like when are there was max it
enough no but I'm saying like you can
get high as shit without injecting
yourself I've done it for for it to be
like that's not enough I need a next
level of this shit yeah it really is
it's it's kind of surprised and sad it's
it's a bummer
I you know I as a comedian you're
supposed to make fun of everything but
when I see a beautiful young girl
talented is all shit I mean she really
is it is devastating to see her
withering away over the years and I
don't think it's something and they
tried people tried to help her
apparently she was it checked in last
week and she checked herself out she
left on a Tuesday yeah and then they
found her on Friday right Saturday
morning you know no it was Saturday
afternoon so Saturday morning our time
her I don't know who found her me no I
think it was Friday oh fuck I think it
was Friday so
devastating in her she was so close to
her parents and stuff and they're really
that that's actually the part that I
feel the worst because especially
because her parents have been in the
public the last few years like you
always see them they're commenting on
stuff I really feel bad for the for the
girl man I mean she's uh you know what
really doe the this is something I guess
I think everybody's obsessed with this
in our field is it really puts into into
your like your mind like accomplishments
by a certain age when you think about
like she's dead at 27 I go man like that
really is what talent is like she is
it's like it's over like she's done dead
27 yeah she won Grammys and stuff at
like 25 right or no maybe before then it
was a few years it was Oh six I think
when she wanted Grammys so that's five
years ago so she was 20 to 22 years old
I was here I came here I think when I
yeah I was 22 when I got here I was
definitely playing with my deck at 22
not crushing deck playing with my day
crushing my own deck yeah and I wasn't
winning Grammys at all no I wasn't
winning anything like that's amazing
it's amazing Cobain was 27 when he died
they're saying to you yeah yeah that's
the the 27 that's stupid thing that's I
guess a lioness Morissette to is 2000s
there's another name
Oh Janis Joplin they're the same well
you have both of their posters up what
are you talk they're posters you have
the Atlantis poster here babe you know I
only
one man you know a band I love oh yeah
I'm too deep
what's wrong with you Oh Jodeci stupid
Jodeci can I tell you I borrowed my
husband's car two weeks ago I never
drive his car cuz I don't understand it
and I'm listening to his pre tuned radio
stations you know when you push like
number one number two and I realized
that my husband is a 12 year old girl
specifically a 12 year old black girl
who listens to like mary j blige and and
one other his SWV what did you use your
iTunes to buy I will admit that I love
Mary Jay because I find her very
inspirational and very real she keeps it
real and I downloaded that song where
she's talking about like and I get to
listen to read the lyrics not sing about
peeling eaten beef at all eaten up
healing Italy and it's different the
screams crack the shellfish kind of
lopsided like that screams that's how
dare you insinuate them mary j blige
only eat seafood and shrimps because
she's black know what I'm saying at all
what do you think why can't somebody
just enjoy I love see who do you know
like see if it more than me you do
because you know why what cuz you're a
12 year old black girl and you love mary
j blige seafood let's see you food
no I write so why can't bear if I were a
singer I would have a song about seafood
or specifically shrimp right so why is
it
favorite seafood and you and I both know
that my favorite Seif what's your salmon
you love salmon cuz you're the bear
uh-huh but what other one you like
Lobster when you go on the floor I know
stone crab I like some crab we love crab
down you crush the thumb grab all the
time I like to eat
Oh see how that's offensive I love that
song
songs great it's called just fine and
it's really an uplifting happy song just
fine with shrimp it's called just fine
put a little strip on the side and it's
great song it is it puts you in the butt
like if even if you're in the shittiest
mood and you put in fucking mary j blige
it's all good that songs well i'm not
all her songs were pushing and she's an
amazing time we were just saying that we
would buy i would buy tickets to go see
her alive I bet I don't want any more
drama in my life I just want to move I
want to find a man that just loves me
that's a jam to which is like come on
everybody get your shrimp and
everybody's hand on the disco come on
everybody get your shrimps that's not
the song cuz everything ain't you gonna
do that one you know
no come on everybody get your shrimps
you know yeah come on melodrama and I
like that's what she singing about yeah
what's the chorus got in and
particularly in shrimp song oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah I know you're talking about oh
she's all jams she's all the hits been
she has and actually she really is
rak'ahs she has she went through a lot
of trauma she was an alcoholic
she had abuse but I mean her songs she
really is an artist that like really
sings from the heart and like you you
can actually feel a connection with her
that's true I love that I love fucking
damaged people I always my can't say my
favorite people are like recovering
heroin addicts and like I love in love
recovering heroin addict I love anybody
that's had severe fucking adversity I
that's why I love like Anthony Bourdain
recovering heroin addict turn like chef
Andrew Zimmern by the way is a
recovering hair when I but he's not as
cool cuz he doesn't like he pretends to
be normal
yeah I like problem no I see what you're
saying I like that too the thing about
somebody who's we're all flawed but
somebody who has their flaws and they
got over them but they're heavily flawed
and they're they are open about it yeah
that there's an immediate attraction
that type of person because they're
they're wearing it on their sleeve
they're saying like you know hey I used
to have all these fucking problems the
thing is that most people don't like to
admit to having had it makes you look
weak and stupid like Joey Diaz right now
with Tommy and I are we've been talking
about Joey Coco Diaz yeah because he did
shows of him yes week with Joe Rogan and
them and the ice house and we love Joey
Diaz cuz he's so crazy oh my god right
that well that's another example of that
somebody who has made countless mistakes
yeah and but is like doesn't doesn't act
like everything has just gone stellar
like right he doesn't do that he tells
you the truth yeah so you can't help but
to feel like but like somebody who goes
no I fucked up you know somebody goes I
fucked up then you go like well you go
inside you like i fucked up too but then
they tell you you're like well I guess
it's okay like that's what it is but
with him it just also happens to be so
crazy and so hilarious I didn't want to
tell any of his stories cuz I just want
to have him come on let me tell his
stories no he does no no no with Ari no
I'm sorry what's his podcast his podcast
he does with another comedian is called
Beauty and the Beast
but is it on no it's not fuck him I'm
just kidding oh it's not I love him well
we weren't we were just talking and Joey
and like in passing this is why I love
him so much we were at red red bands
house and enjoy was like yo you had that
Cuban restaurant he's like telling us
where to eat yeah and he's like I'll go
down there I know order the chicken and
I go off the boys support all the pork
and I
I say fuck the points yeah and I but
don't have the plantain like he I love
that he like he knows that you're wrong
wait why charlie keys he's assuming that
you know what the point what's the point
sorry it's the fucking cutest thing ever
yeah that's great yeah he's red but you
know why I love you Tommy why cuz you
come a fat guy like Kevin James we can
have our own show called you said the
fat guy in the little wife fat guy in
the tiny wife yeah why do I have to be
that fat though you're not that fat you
just set up anymore
well you got husky right when we got
messy she's I'm husky but adorable that
was a fat bag but I like big guys you
know what are you digging on or whether
you're really only in my pot because I
stepped in tar at the beach yeah
Thursday and like it's kind of fucked up
I'm so mad that I stepped in tar like
why should I go to the beach and I have
to fucking step in your oil drilling and
it ruined my flip-flops my beautiful
target flip-flops with a glitter on him
and now it's just it's screwing on my
foot a little bit alright but so I love
timing because we first started dating I
went to his house where he would sleep
on a mattress on the floor and and I go
use a shower and he didn't even use soap
at the time sweetie what did you use to
wash your body with shampoo you
shampooed your crotch yeah of course and
what about your a hole in your shampoo
are you fuckin serious
well there's hair everywhere so I was
infected I guess I'm covered in hair I'm
just watching it it's so gross so so
back in his bachelor pad and the VAT in
Valley Village in LA and I would go and
I would hang out with him and and I
noticed that his artwork was really
fucking excuse me troubling like my
husband has a picture of a guy eating a
human body the head is missing and he's
got the arm in his mouth and it's bloody
and it's not normal and it's what is it
called it's called sad no it's called
Saturn devouring his son and if he it's
one of the dark paintings from Goya he
had a period where he was like losing
his mind and they called him the dark
paintings there's like 13 of them see I
studied Spanish art in college when I
was studying in Madrid
so I would go to museums every week
because we would have class at the
Museum and these always appeal to me the
most the dark ones because I just found
them the most interesting I just like
them the most what what about what about
blood and on Venus devouring his Saturn
Saturn eating his son appeals to you on
a on a what what why does it tug your
heartstrings I just like it cuz it's
it's crazy and it's like it's it's
inappropriate it's out of line it's
totally over the line yeah
so but now of course we learned in our
class that there are different theories
on boys dark paintings like that one in
particular one of my professors thought
that it symbolized no it symbolized
Saturn symbolized the Queen at the time
and that her son is Spain and that she's
devouring Spain she's ruining Spain with
her power and her choices essentially at
the time so it was a symbolic thing but
you could also just look it as a guy
eating his kid I guess well cuz when I
saw I've never seen that piece of art
and when I saw it for the first time I
thought hmm Tom's mentally ill did you
think that did you really promise you
were like that's fuckin I tell you
because there were a few red flags early
in our relationship but they were
minimal like okay a guy with no with
just a mattress on the floor that
actually that's weird I give you that
that's a dog bed that's not even a
person's bed right it's a dog but I
liked you enough that I thought well you
know he's a dude this is his dude place
and then no soap and it's kind of duty
but the the paintings I thought well
this surely is a flag that he is a
serial killer and eventually he will try
to murder me and I actually brought it
up today with my therapist I'm in
therapy dealing with my mommy issues and
my my my dark past we can take a step
back before you tell us this though why
what do you need to know I want to ask
you because this is years later at the
time
what justified staying with a serial
killer anything that's gonna kill you
you must have been just been like he
really gives the love and go something
because I just smashed it so well
cuz you crushed it yeah why would you
okay that thing well I don't like
perfection in people I think I think
that I like a little weird beard that's
exactly what we're talking about I know
that's the best one think so I knew that
you were a good soul and that you were a
smart guy and that you had you were very
funny and very talented and you were
going places and I guess I that dark
shit everybody has right but at least
you were journalized it you were still
like he might kill me he might kill me I
still think you might kill me why would
I why do you still think I might kill
you because you watch all those fucking
murder shows a lot of people do they're
on Taylor's shows no but you're watching
it to take copious notes see how they
killed all right look you're getting an
erection just fucking thinking about it
I don't have a wreck your penis is
semi-hard no it's not just talking about
murdering me yes it is I can look at
your panties oh okay okay it's
completely flaccid I'm sorry listeners
but no but I don't like murder shows
I don't like cop shows I don't like
hospital I love them
fucking freak me I love all of course
you do because you secretly want to maim
and murder and rape I don't know we
don't just like that show last night who
the world of bleep did I marry oh yeah
wait what did your therapist so anyway
okay so I wasn't there every day and and
and I was talking oh I was asking my
therapist cuz she's gonna move offices I
was like so you're gonna bring artwork
in and what kind of art working and then
I got to the topic of do you think
artwork is very telling of a person and
I think it is because what you choose to
surround yourself with is what's going
on inside of your head and I told my
therapist that when I met my husband he
had all these bloody disgusting
horrifying images everywhere and I said
to her do you think do you think he's
mentally ill
you think my husband might want to kill
me yeah and you're lucky today because
she said no she thinks that it's it
doesn't always mean that you want to
kill people it just it's just something
you like it's your thing no I can't be
honest with you yeah there's a few
things that make me happier than looking
at those paintings
there's children's laughter oh I really
enjoy look your first point no I know I
can see you right now
yeah because I also what I did is we
moved into this new house that we live
in now I I took those pictures out of
hiding because I hated them for so and
now they're in our living room and
they're prominently displayed so if you
ever come over to our home you can see
Tommy's favorite Goa murder visions and
they're here in our living room have you
ever said them to somebody that was
bothered by them everybody's bothered
normal not one friend of Mines like
those are really cool everyone um I
think Suzy Meister my friend Suzy yeah
and she was like um both are interesting
and Sarah burns my friend Sarah burns
will be found on the show she was like
yeah that's interesting like nobody's
like these are amazing they are amazing
mmm
amazing and not not healthy ways this
one's great yeah that what is that one
that one's terrible those the two old
people eating I'm gonna put this on our
tumblr page so you guys can see what
we're talking about and in you judge for
yourself listener what about the one I
got there's that one in the bedroom that
I got in Argentina that sad face you
choose to hang on your wall is like the
beautiful pain sadness a that's a
beautiful painting of a very sad woman
who looks like she just lost her husband
her home or dog just a beautiful
painting though it's it's not beautiful
it is beautiful listen let me tell you
what I have on
if you looked full shit bullshit
bullshit bullshit I have to loose
toulouse-lautrec yes toulouse-lautrec
the blonde beautiful party girl I have a
French Revolution poster you have saved
about seeing a bound beeps Cinnabon beep
this is not a pipe
yeah that's Magritte about challenging
image versus reality and then you have
murder murder murder death death death
unbelievable I love that stuff you're
mentally ill no I'm not that's bullshit
I think it's great no it's ok I still
love you despite your need to kill your
bloodlust do you think you could kill
though like if someone was threatening
me
would you just love to like I should
have this conversation on tape in case
it happens yeah just move on something
else I have thought about that and yeah
I don't think good thoughts like if some
guy was like like you walked in there's
a guy who was like assaulting me I've
thought about it a lot and what would
you do I don't want to talk about it
you're serious seriously you'd fucking
crazy - a lot yeah a lot I've thought
about a lot like if something was like
like I show up somewhere and so he was
like awesome guy just like shoved
Cristina I just like rage I'll attack
out good and that let every man here
that in the world
well no but no I don't want it I don't
know that that might I want them to hear
that I don't think people are out to get
you in case there's a lunatic out there
that just hates me or something no maybe
he sees it as a challenge that I want to
challenge you I'm not trying to
challenge it but I'm just saying that I
think everybody's like that nobody wants
to see their wife or mother or something
get you know fuck with it makes anybody
lose their mind No
but it would be nice just to snap
somebody's neck yeah sure every fun I
always picture though like I'd like to
like tie somebody up you know what do
you mean like if somebody was really
fucking with you yeah I would love to
like tie him up and torture um you know
like do like a bunch of experiments on
him it's slowly killing that's like I'm
dying yet would you like dig a pit and
then you put the put the girl down there
and and then have like a bucket and then
you put like lotion in this bucket no
down no I meant like like a hanger
upside down and try to build my
spaceship and then wait a minute that
was really familiar I always saw a movie
yesterday you're really upset huh you
seem like you got more upset than more
we talked about it like you weren't
upset and then we started talking about
it and you got really upset we saw
super8 we hadn't seen it we went and saw
it yesterday
super super crap you're really upset by
it man can't tell you why because it
felt like it felt like movies by the
numbers like I fucking knew everything I
was gonna have I just felt like it was
so just trite typical bullshit like just
surprise me man like I don't know I like
that even the fucking alien looked like
it was an alien from another movie right
it was leftover footage from here's
here's what the movie was it's exactly
what you said but really well-executed
so it's like it was everything by the
numbers but really well done by the
numbers but from every every
relationship was like you know it was
like the heart like the dad was kind of
a dick right but he actually was a good
man but he just didn't know how to
express himself and the kid who's lost
his mother's gone and then you know then
they have the fat friend and then nerdy
want yeah that's the whole thing was was
you know the small town that the
government it's not going to tell you
the secret and shaking like it was
everything you've seen everything in
that movie in 100 movies and that's what
was making you
it's like it's like all of your favorite
movies and one movie bum me out but it
was well-executed and it wasn't even
done period it was even done late
seventies early eighties so it to make
you feel like it's a movie from like
that era when it really is you know
obviously a modern-day movie so the the
thing ended up just being is huge like
everything you know you look for in
movies like blockbuster movies but
you've seen it a hundred times his name
is actually Jimmy James Jimmy J yeah is
it really doing is Jimmy James Jimmy Jam
Abrams no I have no idea his father I
think is really popular you know he made
lost and all that shit right I never
watch that showing here it's great
though people love lost so and then
before last week we also saw hp7 hey
everybody seven I gotta tell you I felt
like Sean Connery getting this dope for
Lord of the Rings because I was just
like I don't know what's going on I
don't understand though you were very
see you were as angry at hp7 as I was at
8-millimeter no totally different
totally different totally different
raging no I wasn't no that's not true at
all alright that's not true at all a
little bit that's not true at all though
you were upset because you didn't like
that you didn't understand all because
no I was not excited not at all I was
upset at you for deceiving oh you just
said you deceived me you should have
told me to go see six I had seen five
and I should have gone in seen six
before I saw seven it was a complete
fucking disaster without seeing six I
didn't know that you needed to know
every you lied and you deceived me on
purpose
who the fuck did I marry how dare I
tried to fucking fill you in on the
Elder Wand and dude you're telling me
fucking shit
even you said you had trouble following
what was going on there's one montage in
hp7 that explains like the meaning of
life and you're like I'm fucking it was
even hard for me and I'm a huge Harry
Potter nerd and it was very like it was
Tommy was very upset that I deceived him
there's a lot going on that's what I'm
understanding more about writing I've
been writing more yeah like you know
scripts and like loading information
onto a pic you have to you have to
there's got to be shit going on you're
making your hat you're telling a story
as people are saying stuff and that
movie has all like that's what I took
when I was like there is so much
information on each page of this script
they're loading it with I mean there's
20 stories going on and then there's the
backstory and the counter story and
actually with what you thought was the
story wasn't the story it was really
just all that's happening with every
other line of dialogue and then when
Cosby comes in in the third act that
really throws you for a loop because you
thought Harry Potter would I had nothing
to do with it with Cosby yeah it's
really something managing how the fuckin
the books are I stopped reading sorry up
until the Goblet of Fire because I felt
I felt absurd being like a 30-plus year
old woman carrying around a
thousand-page children's book in in
airports I felt like such a tool bag
yeah the best part of that movie like we
saw it we were like we'll just go like
on a Tuesday night to see Harry Potter
so we did and we're like there'll be no
one here it was packed theater and there
were maybe four people that were under
20 like the whole thing was packed with
adults hipsters yeah oh and like the
community was out like we had like Dora
Herrera owns our favorite taco shop
UKAS was there and link her sisters and
like every every proud gay couple and so
for Lake and the Bears it was out it was
over everybody was out to cieariy potter
it was awesome yeah it was the best I'm
excited to see it's over it was a really
great movie though it was a nice ending
to I don't either only call that I'm
called seagull it's a seven call it's a
seven cool why did they call it for the
seven fucking movies assess qual I don't
know except to acceptable that someone
that reminds me about Burt we Shepherd
on her mom cast who's that
are you sure not a fan yeah not a fan
says my lying husband seen him not a fan
not a fan either kind of an a-hole
well if he's around we should have him
in yes sure he's always traveling he's
very busy these days what a little show
called byrsa Conger how dare you why
have we mentioned Anthony Bourdain we
have to mention our buddy
who's our buddy Bert Kreischer no the
other guy like more Oh Andrew Zimmern Oh
guys awesome uh the guy Adam Richman oh
I would my order would be Adam Richman
yeah
Andrew Sanders the bed Oh Samantha brown
I love Samantha brown of it like six
other people goddess man everybody on
that geo and then the Discovery Channel
and then Burt wait a minute you forgot
we also want every sitcom to before Burt
like yeah of course yeah half man yeah
Jeff man it's coming I've never watched
an episode of Two and a Half Men
I've shit on it I've seen too much
for somebody that never saw but I did
watch I guess an act like I watched like
ten minutes of it one time like half a
show and it was bad it's not as all I
can people like that is the worst
fucking show it's just so it's only that
bad compared to how popular it is it's
it's you know I mean like it's not
though I've seen worse television for
sure
but I think is people complain but that
shows back in September will you tune in
just to watch that first episode out of
curiosity or no curiosity Cosby I might
I didn't tell you I thought I talk a lot
of shit about sitcom too but I'm trying
to think it's just because it's like
when you work in a field you just hate
everything everyone does except for
Louie
I like Louie and I like eastbound and
down um yeah I'll tune in I'll see
what's up I'll see what's up I guess man
I mean just for a controversy I just
hate fucking you know I'm trying to
think of the worst that come ever and I
think I have it okay are you ready yeah
it was one of those like afternoon after
school sitcoms and it was okay see if
you can remember this one you had a good
childhood Steven watch as much TV as I
did but okay it's about a girl who's
actually a robot and her dad the dad
invented this robot and you have to keep
the secret that their daughters actually
a robot yes it was called small wonder
all wondering yeah that was the worst
Chantal I'm pretty sure that was the
shittiest show for a while right oh and
I watched it every day don't-don't-don't
god damn it at least five I feel like
that shit was on every day and I watched
every episode and my parents just hated
it oh my dad would be livid that in
Three's Company if he ever came in and
saw me watching Three's Company he would
be like ah turn this fucking shit off
why didn't he just he hated it because
he thought it was stupid and he hated a
laugh track which I don't blame him
because he's a fucking dumb
okay small wonder we looked it up 1985
I wonder what Vicky the robots doing now
I feel like you it would be a hard roll
I told her for fucking seasons four
seasons of that piece of shit show I do
remember this see you remember oh wait
look how many stars it has we're looking
at on IMDB and it has some pretty good
says six six and a half stars that's
very generous remember she would be like
I can't get that for you that's her
that's all you had to do to be on that
show was awesome Vicky the robot Vicky
Lawson right I am Vicky the robot I wish
you would never say that though should
to be like I am just a girl and then the
boys gay now I think now Jaime la no
like Cox right now Cox are not for me
I don't like cock wait tiffany tiffany
bris bristle made Brissette a 74 she's
only she was two years older than me
when she did that just I'll never do
anything again let's let's see what she
did Tiffany Brissette I am Vicky the
robot my brother touches my robot parts
that's all she did
maybe she she did stuff after that but
she stopped two years later I don't I
don't fucking blame her I mean not doing
that piece of shit show Oh what do you
think she made enough money I'm hoping
she made enough money no not for a
lifetime no no oh fucking bums me out
uh what about Webster that was a great
show oh yeah I'm ster was actually how
many seasons was that I feel like that
was a lot of seasons right Webster
Emmanuel Lewis is he so alive he's one
of those little people who have like
weird disease you know yeah that he's
still alive he's got a baby it's not
like a what I've Oh Oh tell me small one
business small wonder is rated higher
than Webster you guys don't IMDB that's
bullshit
he's X Daily Show correspondent oh did
he
oh no no no no I see news uh Webster now
that was a good show remember they used
to have a dumbwaiter in that house and I
thought a dumbwaiter was like the
coolest thing ever and he called his mom
ma'am he didn't call her mom remember
that and that was a big episode where
she was like you can call me Mom I was
really cute and then the father was was
his name George papadopolis or some shit
yesin you had a better childhood than me
you don't remember the details of
fucking Webster and you shouldn't it's
depressing I like I remember I just
remember that I really wanted a Webster
I really did I was like there's nothing
cuter and a small black boy who who
knows how to act right you know like
he's not intimidating and being mean to
me he's very if you're a child of the
80s there's two things you wanted you
wanted a gremlin you wanted a Mogwai I
mean a Mogwai and a Webster yeah that's
all your heart wanted in the 80s and a
Rubik's Cube and Cabbage Patch Kid
didn't - boys have Cabbage Patch Kids
sir that was just a girl thing always
had I guess so if you're young enough
you did if you were really young you did
but you really wanted your Garbage Pail
Kids
oh I loved Garbage Pail Kids
I had just notebooks full and full and
full of those yeah I remember how much
Michael Jackson loved Webster I look at
he's whispering - yeah nobody thought it
was Miriam but nobody nobody blinked in
the 80s oh yeah
no oh he's punching somebody he kind of
looks like my friend Rena they're toads
oh oh oh he has a tattoo now you guys
these fighting people he's all grown up
oh that's not wait a minute that's not a
Webster boys you're doing
yeah that's do line Oh
what's in the fuzz around we don't we
have only hot dogs to eat Webster oh you
know I was big in the eighties orphans
remember Punky Brewster was an orphan
over well Webster and orphan is when
your parents either abandoned you or
they died they leave you alone
oh oh oh oh what happened we have we had
a preemie winehouse done to turn a gun
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah now there's
plenty of buzz over the question of how
Amy Winehouse died this from people.com
but the answer would be not being over
some time to come according to police
singer's autopsy which took place on
Monday has not established a cause of
death results are expected in two to
four weeks after I always thought like
if you were famous enough they would
just expedite that yeah if you always
hear like we'll get the toxicology
reports in six weeks and you're like
Jesus can't you fucking speed it up but
this is obviously a very famous person
and they're like I'll say she was not
surrounded by drugs or paraphernalia
when she passed away
really that's more surprising than how
long it's gonna take to find out there's
gonna be a lot of people that that are
gonna pull back their drug jokes about
her when they turn it what if it turns
out she didn't die from drugs
I can't imagine maybe she died of like
heart failure I mean she's awfully
skinny and awfully her little body was
just taxed so it could have been like I
remember when Britney Murphy died yeah
like didn't she die of like a heart
failure or something just from being so
like wavy and right but she was taking
stuff too right and then her husband
died yeah like no I was like six months
later
that was pretty sad don't do drugs
mommies don't do bad ever when you rub
one out last night two legends of the
fall
legends of the bummers legends of the
pit cocks yeah you were talking about
how dreamy he looked what that was like
the that's when he really came on the
radar right everybody was like who is
this son of a bitch Italian a Brad Pitt
is every 12 year old girl's fantasy he's
got that blond hair and the blue eyes as
well and a couple grown men's too sister
he's so Aryan good-looking and just he's
really pretty but yeah he's a good actor
but I watch the movie he's actually a
really talented guy I see why that guy
makes the big bucks and sticks it and
Angelina he deserves it he deserves that
couch you if you ask me if I would leave
you for Angelina's snatch to crush some
Joe Lina's no babe I'm not leaving you
you know what if the famous enough what
I'm trying to think of who your thing is
that you would leave me who my thing is
who's your person you like that broad
and Spanglish who come on the poor man's
Penelope Cruz I brought oh you know
you're talking about she's a poor man's
version of Penelope Cruz she's in the
bands Penelope Cruz yes she's not as
pretty and we had a debate one time over
who's more beautiful oh oh Salma Hayek
that's who you're talking Hayek's not in
Spanglish I know but that's a thought we
had that's what we had a conversation
about one time it was Penelope Cruz or
Salma Hayek I'm brought in Spanglish
which one is Spanglish ah what movie is
this stupid Adam Sandler movie we're
yeah that really narrows it down
they hasn't made no I don't remember
yeah but Salma Hayek is hotter than
Pamela Cruz no it's not you don't have
to fuck you're talking about you keep
your mouth shut you don't know what
you're talking about
yeah really yeah the people need to know
what's going on I'm trying to see my
daily affirmation on my iPhone I am the
master of my creatively expanding mind
yeah especially when your hands on your
couch alright let's wrap it up let's
wrap it up I know I know I'm sorry sorry
I talk so long
alright let's get the fuck out of here
oh he's just like amazed no it's my
Webster impression how long oh ok bye
mommy
hi mommies